## Links

In technical documents, links are used to direct users to other headings in the same document, to other adjacent documents, or to external sites. This section describes the recommended guidelines for using links in technical documents written in Markdown.

Example of link formatting in Markdown:

- Link to other headings in the same document: `[Product Architecture](#Product Architecture)`
- Link to other adjacent documents: `[Product Architecture](... /docs/architecture.md)`
- Link to external sites: `[Contributor's Guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/zh-cn/contribute/)`

### Description of links

The content in the square brackets `[]` in a Markdown link is the descriptive text of the link. The description of the link needs to conform to the following specifications.

- The link description must summarize the general content of the linked document or page, which is conducive to search engine optimization. For example, the link description can be the title of the linked page.

    - Incorrect examples:

        - See `[double-shooting.md](double-shooting.md)` for details.
        - For details, click `[here](double-shooting.md)`.

    - Correct examples:

        - For more details on the above configuration items, see the relevant configuration items in `[Feature Configuration Set](#Feature Configuration Set)`.
        - See `[Troubleshooting documentation](double-shooting.md)` for details.

- The same type of link description should be of the same style as much as possible. For example, it is not advisable to have "see details", "see ... for details", "see .... for more information", etc. in the same document to express the same meaning of different descriptions.

### Path of links

The content in the parentheses `()` in a Markdown link is the path of that link. The path of the link needs to conform to the following specification.

- **If linking to other adjacent documents which are long, it is recommended to link to an anchor point instead**. Markdown supports adding "#title name" to the file name of the link path, which links to a specific title of the file.

    - Example: The link `[Configuration File](trouble-shooting.md#config-file)` will link to the "config file" heading of the trouble-shooting.md file.

- Link paths should try to be of the same style. For example, links to non-external sites should be unified using relative paths or absolute paths. It is not recommended to mix relative paths and absolute paths.

- It is recommended to lead users to external sites as less as possible to avoid the invalidation of external site pages which might affect the user experience.

    > External site: when a link to site B appears in the document of site A, if the domain name or server of B and A are different, the link to B is an external site for the document of site A. For example, cloud.google.com is an internal site for support.google.com, while cloud.google.com is an external site for kubernetes.io.

- **If it is necessary to lead the user to an external site, it is recommended that the link be followed by a prominent marker to remind the user that the link is going to an external site. **

    > Because the terms of use and privacy policies of different websites are different, users using the current site generally accept the legal provisions of the current site by default. Before jumping out of the current site, the website maintainer has the responsibility to remind the user that the current link is to an external site, and if the user overcomes any problem after jumping out, it is not the responsibility of the current site.

    - **Example 1**: If the front-end capabilities are sufficient, you can add a generic external link icon effect after the external link, such as [contributor list](https://github.com/yikeke/zh-style-guide/graphs/contributors).

    - **Example 2**: In Markdown, you can simply add `"Click to go to an external site"` or `"Click to go to XXX website"` after the path of the link, such as `[description of the link] (path of the link "Tips for going to an external link")`, to achieve the effect of hovering over the hyperlink when the mouse appears under normal rendering.
